Remove deprecated features from Astro 3.0 (#9168)
withastro/astro: .changeset/slow-hornets-try.md

---
'@astrojs/rss': major
---

> Removes the `markdown.drafts` option as the feature is deprecated in Astro 3.0

Author: ```suggestion
Removes the `drafts` option as the feature is deprecated in Astro 3.0
```

> Removes the `drafts` option as the feature is deprecated and removed in Astro 4.0

Author: ```suggestion
Removes the `markdown.drafts` option as the feature is deprecated in Astro 3.0
```
